how's it going how what's your
healthcare plan good doctor figured out
for America the brace is probably best
if I don't comment you like your you
like the healthcare system in the UK I
do but that's not necessarily for
everyone I feel like I'm a politician to
notice as if you like it and you like it
right yeah it's worked out for me it's
worked out for you you seem to be
healthy so far so good
seem to be invigorated and you know not
hit yet by that I think the last time
you were here we're talking about your
birthday which was on Valentine's Day so
there's a couple weeks ago and you were
saying how weird it was to go to a
restaurant for your birthday on
Valentine's Day when all the couples are
romantic and you and your buddies are
drinking and carrying on how did it go
this year well this year I was on set Oh
work it was yeah it was a slightly
different birthday I thought it was
gonna be quieter just going into work
but it ended up being quite big and
extravagant because the greeting that I
was given when I came on to the studio
this is the video that you brought yes
yes I did so tell us what we're going to
see here what what happened this is just
me arriving at what people would think
I'm very demanding I promise this was my
birthday and I had nothing to do with it
as they kept out all of this crazy well
let's take a look and we'll decide so
that's you in the car and there is the
trucks yeah I see it's not just us at
the studios and so all the other shows
are like what's going on
Freddie Highmore died yeah potentially
that some thought was a genuine
emergency or am i crushing out be like
what's happening what would make them
think that just really annoyed because
they had to stop filming their seats
right yeah right for the sirens and
everything well it was worth it for your
birthday yes but you have another video
as well so that was a very nicely shot
video or our main writer did that but
then there's this other one that's
genuinely done by our main
cameraman on the show your main
cameraman shot the video of the same
scene that we just saw yes and this is
how your main cameraman shot that scene
starts up okay is that you and that yeah
a little blurry okay where the we hear
that he's not as good with stuff yeah
well sure he's good with in/out stuff
yeah they put him right at the front of
the studio because they thought he'd be
the best person to capture the man
coming through the gates is he dreaming
in the morning what's going on there
he's probably doing something you know
you have become a major fixture in my
house and my kids because they just
started a couple of months ago they
started watching Charlie and the
Chocolate Factory and we now watch it
like you know 30 times a week or
something like that
and how old were you and I keep telling
them I know that kid he's a man now and
they don't know what they say yeah I'm
gonna show you this video I was I think
when I did that I was like 10 or 11
generals is that the first thing you did
how old were you when you started seven
was I did something when I was seven
called
women talking dirty which probably
probably not one for your kids yes well
I'll let them decide what part did you
play in women talk dirty it was Helena
Bonham Carter's son but all I had to do
was I mean very few things I would hope
but one of the first scenes she was just
tucking me into bed and then I was meant
to fall asleep and I fell asleep for two
three hours and they just filmed the
entire scene around me falling asleep in
bed so I was great from the beginning
you know it's like
y-yea really went for it
that's a nice day of work really it was
perfect I slept through the show once
people got mad well that's what we think
on the show it's like the patient's you
get to come in and they just lie in an
operation room and they're knocked out
yeah they just spend all day in bed it's
wonderful do you guys ever have like
friends like a friend of the director
wants to be the patient this time or
people just lying around being bodies
not not asthma the biggest concern at
the moment is actually the coronavirus
oh yeah well they it's affected us in a
different way in what way they called us
all in to set the other day and said you
know we know you're all really worried
about the corona virus that you got to
stop taking the surgical masks from the
set because we're running out we're
nearly out if you see like the season
finale of shorts and a t-shirt
sunglasses cuz the goggles of god oh my
god it's really hitting us hard but also
the best thing is the surgical masks
have expired they're all out of date the
ones that we get into there was really
inspire after three years apparently oh
I don't believe that I get I'll take
those old surgical masks from you I'll
send them your thank you an
antibacterial soap thing is stealing oh
it's a virus it's completely useless
Yeah right
well you know that you're the good
doctor we don't we're not that smart you
know
it's very good to see you though it's
called the good doctor you watch up
Monday nights 10 o'clock right here on
ABC Freddie Highmore everybody Thank You
Freddie
if you liked that video then put a ring
on it click the subscribe button below
Oh